---
id: 404179
title: "Resident Evil: Zero"
slug: Resident-Evil-Zero
datePublished: 2005-07-12 19:32:36
tags:
 - livejournal
 - game-review
---

## Resident Evil: Zero

Bravo teams helicopter has engine failure and crashes in the woods near the infamous Mansion. You take the role of Rebecca Chambers the Bravo Team field medic. You enter this random train that had been attacked because it was the only safe place to go. Which is bull crap of course. After you discover several million Leeches that want to kill your face you encounter Billy Coan, an escaped Marine who has the death sentence for killing 24 men. He’s innocent of course but you don’t believe that. From the train you go to the Umbrella Training Facility, which a Dr. Marcus had been in charge of. Marcus apparently had a fetish for leeches and injected them with the experimental T-Virus. T-Virus got out and killed (well kinda killed) everyone in the facility. Umbrella sent a squad in to check everything out, but of course they all become festering Zombies just like everyone at the Facility.

Billy and Rebecca run into several key characters in other Resident Evil games…well don’t really run into them, but you see clips of Albert Wesker and William Birkin. These will kinda spoil RE and RE2 if you play this game first.

Of course you run through a BIG HOUSE and a LAB which seems a lot like the original RE… lack of creativity…. But you don’t get to operate a fork lift in any of the others.

Battle system kinda sucks. You can set your teammate to attack or idle, but they never seem to attack enough or go for head shots…. You ALWAYS need to have your main character equipped with the shotgun because your teammate will waste ammo when it only takes one shot to decapitate a Zombie.

One big sad thing is that the “magic boxes” don’t exist in this game. You literally have to drag every item to every new location… I forgot my grenade launcher in an area and didn’t have the patience to go back and get it before the final boss… yeah … lame

These games are great when it comes to music… because if the room is 100% safe you’ll hear a pretty little calming song, but if you’re knee deep in danger they will play goooood music ^_^

Graphics of the game are wonderful. No zombie really looks the same and all the rooms look creepy as hell.

Challenge of the game wasn’t too difficult. I played it on easy because I’m a little punk who is in the game for the story and not the challenge. Several of the puzzles would have been extremely difficult if I didn’t have aid from a walkthrough.

Not much originality if you ask me. The middle part of the game seemed just like the original RE. The leech stuff was lame. I wouldn’t believe that a whole bunch of leeches could come together to form a human. One thing I like about the RE series is that most of the crap is relatively believable. The whole T-Virus thing, Nemesis Parasite, and lickers…. They all seem a lot more realistic than…. A humanoid leech... and human resurrection through leeches(not talking about the zombies).

Play the game AFTER you play RE so don’t spoil the whole “Wesker is a tool” story line….. I still want to know why the hell he always wears those sunglasses…. Even in the middle of the night.
