---
id: 423974
title: Worthy's Work Guide
slug: Worthy-s-Work-Guide
datePublished: 2005-08-30 14:23:07
tags:
 - livejournal
---

Since I'm an egotistical work-a-holic and I'm bored as shapoopy in the lab.. I've decided to compile a record of my work experience and analyze all the "crappy" and "awesome" jobs I've had.
First Job:
 **B &K; Foods** No longer in business.
Starting Pay: 5.25
Ending Pay:5.50
Average Hours Per Week: 15-20
Period Working there: one year
Terms for leaving: got a job at Tyson.

Job Description: Sacker/Stocker. B&K; was the only grocery store in town that would carry out your stuff by default. Really small store. Probably 16 ailse only 30 feet long. Ten foot ceiling. Nothing uber special.

Pros: Very flexible hours, easy work

Cons: had to carry the load of other employees who didn't ever work.

Second Job
 **Tyson, Information Systems Department**
Starting Pay: 6.25
Ending Pay: 6.75
Average Hours Per Week: 15 during school, 30 during summer
Period Working there: year and a half
Terms for leaving: laid off

Job Description: Courier.
Main Job: Transport new computers from Tyson 412 to corperate for install. Tyson 412 use to be a grocery store and the back room became a computer warehouse where they installed software and stuff. I also made weekly runs to Sam's Club for beverages for the IS department.
Sub Job: small computer tech work on machines that were out of warranty, disposal of old computer equipment, manual labor

Pros: Decent pay, occasional free computer part

Cons: lack of good hours, had to answer to no less than 5 people, often asked to do stuff not in my job description(very often taken advantage of.), very much like the movie Office Space.

Third Job
 **Wild World**
Starting Pay: 5.15
Ending Pay: 7.00
Average Hours Per Week: 12 (saturday and sunday)
Period Working there: Three Years
Terms for leaving: too many to list

Job Description: Ref: Refferee and organize games. Field manager: Handle registration and money and employees that wouldn't listen to me

Pros: get to work outside, fun to do what you like, discounts, meet people.

Cons: angry red necks, angry newbie bashers, lazy owners, lazy refs

Fourth Job
 **Stone Mill Bread** Starting Pay: 6.75
Ending Pay: 6.75
Average Hours Per Week: 20
Period Working there: six monthes
Terms for leaving: owner didn't like me, offered a "better" job

Job Description: slice and bag bread, make sandwiches, clean up

Pros: good pay, good hours, free sandwiches

Cons: owner had a temper when you messed up, very very dry enviornment my hands would crack and bleed often, never allowed to take breaks.

 **GPM Intl** Aunt and Uncle's company... along with my cousin
Starting Pay: 7.50
Ending Pay: 8.00
Average Hours Per Week: 15 during school, 40 during summer
Period Working there: six monthes
Terms for leaving: laid off

Job Description: Teach my uncle how to use a computer, minor computer tech work, answer the phones and put people on hold, occasionally order soy sauce for tyson

Pros: got to see the family every day, good hours during the summer

Cons: got to see the family every day, hours weren't good, uber crazy boring, 266 mhz computer to use, mean business people called

