---
id: 339808
title: My Story
slug: My-Story
date: 2005-03-21 20:16:18tags: 
 - livejournal
---

My video game career started later than I wanted, as most children want. I received an NES the Christmas of my first grade year. The SNES was already out and circulating well at this point in time, but I was happy with what I had received. I am now aware of my family’s financial situation then and I am very very fortunate of what I was given.  
  
Super Mario Brothers and Super Mario Brothers 3 were played by my brother and I over and over with an ever awesome tool, to us at least, called the Game Genie. We had seen this marvelous wonder on the show, Game Pro. Being dumb kids we used the living daylights out of this.   
  
Shortly before my second grade birthday a friend of mine, Daniel Godfrey, introduced me to a video game that completely changed the direction of where I was going in video games. This game was Mega Man 3. I used every last penny of my birthday money to purchase this game. The wonderful thing about this game was that I could easily beat it without game genie. However, the use of a Nintendo Power magazine aided me greatly through the many levels. I completed the game so many times that I would beat it once a day before going to school. I kept count with a sheet of paper on the fridge. I believe I lost count around 19 or 20. I even went to school as Shadow Man for Halloween once.  
  
I purchased few games for the NES since my allowance was only 4 dollars a week. However, my mother was kind enough to let us rent video games every weekend. Housers, a local video store, had a 5 for $5. You could rent any five videos or video games that weren’t new releases for five nights. This is where I was first introduced to the other Mega Man games. I had extreme difficulty completing. Game Genie codes were could not be accessed since the games were so new.   
  
I stumbled upon games such as Snake Rattle ‘N Roll, Donkey Kong, Castlevania III Little Ninja Boys, and The Legend of Zelda. I didn’t know anything about Zelda except it was in a very cool gold cartridge. We(my brother and I) assumed the main character’s first name was Zelda. This unlocked the second quest. We didn’t know that. We took the game back swiftly since we couldn’t get anywhere in the game.  
  
Often Rented NES games: WCW Wresltemania, Mike Tyson’s Punch Out, Base Wars, BattleChess, Arch Rivals, Mega Man 1,2,4,5,6, Galaga, Donkey Kong, Godzilla, Contra, Adventure Island, X-men many many more  
  
By this time, this SNES was booming with titles such as Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past, Final Fantasy II, Actraiser, and Super Castlevania. I begged my mom to get me an SNES for my third grade birthday. Ask, be good, and you shall receive. I got an SNES. I had a real birthday party, my first and my last. Drew Morris, Nathan Lindsey, Daniel Godfrey and Todd Sisson came over to my house and we played TMNT 4: Turtles in Time and Joe and Mac until 9 at night, very late for me at the time.  
  
My Mega Man craze was soon to be replaced. Several months later I receive LoZ: A Link to the Past, a Game Genie and several other games. I played LoZ through so many times that at one point in time I could complete the game without guide without dieing at all.   
  
By playing LOZ often I was able to increase my reading level high enough to get out of a class for slow learning readers.  
  
Renting for the SNES occurred very often. I always knew what to get because I received a subscription to Nintendo Power. I rented FF II several times, but could not understand the concept of it at all. FF: Mystic Quest was very easy for me at the time. Wonders of Ys III was one of the few I rented fairly often. I had always been fascinated with medieval settings. I believe it started with my LEGO collection. Ys III was my first real jump into consol RPGs. It was a side scrolling RPG. It taught me how to properly level up my characters.   
  
Often Rented games, all the Super Star Wars games, Super Punchout, Contra III, Super Castlevania, Legend of the Mystical Ninja, Final Fight, Lufia, Super Metroid, Super Street Fighter II,   
  
I still kept playing my NES often. I received Zelda II: The Adventure of Link for a Christmas present one year. My brother and I played this game very few times, because of the difficulty. We rented the original FF because we were becoming gradually better at FFII(IV), but turned it down in disappointment again because of the difficulty. We were dumb with strategy. The same Christmas we receive the ever so popular Star Fox. This game had the FX chip in it that actually used the two slots that were on the left and the right of the main slot on the cartridge. Look into your system and you’ll know what I’m talking about.  
  
Shortly after my jump into Nintendo Power I stumbled into a game so much like a Zelda game, it became my new obsession. Secret of Mana was my new time consumer. I played this game very very often. It took a very long time to receive this game for a gift from my parents. No other words could describe this game than addicting. I wanted more. I craved more. I drew the characters. I wanted more story behind it. I played the game so much I maxed out every character in every magic and weapon possible. The same Christmas my brother got Donkey Kong Country. This game ruled when it came to graphics on the SNES. We also received a Super Scope 6 and Yoshi’s Safari. I loved the bazooka.  
  
A couple months after SoM, Mega Man X was released. I was extremely excited about the release of this game. Mega Man V and VI on the NES were very difficult for me and I wanted a 16 bit mega man hard core.  
  
NP had a large article on FFIII(FFVI) upon its release. I decided to check this one out hoping I could play it better than FFII. I was hooked instantly. My brother received it for his birthday and I played it twice as much as he did. This was the first time a character grabbed my attention SO much I desired to be him. Shadow, the mercenary ninja whose only companion is his dog was the amazing badass. He’s haunted by dreams of his thief counterpart. He joins the large group of heroes for strange reasons. If you were lucky you even got to find out that one of your party members is Shadow’s daughter.  
  
Shortly after FFIII, Square Soft released another masterpiece that sucked in every ounce of my life. Chrono Trigger, an adventure that leads through time to save the world from a creature that fed off the earth’s energy for several million years. I initially didn’t want to try this game out since the main character looked like a rip off of SoM’s main character. My brother rented the game and I toppled over him once I saw the game play. With a plus game feature, you could play through the came countless numbers of times. I had to have completed this game over 50 times because of the plus game. This game had a character so interesting to me I held a tape recorder to the TV just to record his theme music. Magus… the badass with a scythe. Never before had I seen a character wield a scythe as a weapon.   
  
I purchased a game boy specifically for the Zelda: Link’s awakening. My brother got it and since I was a little tag along, I had to get one. I played this game so often my eyes hurt severely. I purchased several games for the system but very few were ever used. Mega Man IV, Mortal Kombat II, Kirby’s Dream Land II were among the titles.   
  
I tried to save up very hard for this game called Earthbound. I didn’t know anything about the game except it look very kiddy like. I didn’t care. I wanted it. I mowed lawns like crazy. My brother, however, talked me out of it and convinced me to purchase the SUPER GAME BOY! This was an excellent piece of hardware. I goes into your super Nintendo like a game and it would play Game Boy Games on your tv. My Hand Held Game Boys got no more love…. Until the Game Boy Color came out.  
  
Around this time the SNES was dieing down. Very few games were being released. Super Mario RPG was one of the last ones. However in an issue of Nintendo Power I found a game known as Harvest Moon. You took over your father’s farm and you grew a crop and harvest it and all that fun crap. I searched a long time for this game. I found it at Game X Change for $60. I came back two weeks later and every copy they had was sold. Instead I picked up Secret of Evermore.  
  
New hopes for RPGs were on the horizon because of a system known as the Ultra 64, later renamed the Nintendo 64. I had extremely high hopes for this system. My brother and I sold many many many MANY of our NES and SNES games for this system to a local used video game store known as Game X Change. FFIII and C.Trigger left our hands for this system. We were happy to get rid of many useless fighting games we owned however. The NES collected dust so it didn’t initially hurt too much. We were quickly disappointed in the gaming variety of the N64. We owned the system for several months before we bought a game for it. The first game we got was Mortal Kombat Trilogy. This was the last MK game we ever got. This game was terrible. 75 bucks for it and it was TERRIBLE. I managed to pick up Mario 64 shortly afterwards. Our 64 did get much love with WCW Vs NWO, Star Fox 64, Rainbow Six, the ever popular Golden Eye, Perfect Dark, and my personal favorite Wave Race 64.  
  
I had a friend assure me that a Square RPG was going to be made. It was called “Knight”. Never showed up.. I was always pretty sure this guy was full of crap.  
  
Upon receiving the Nintendo 64, my parents told us that we were not going to receive anymore video game presents from them, since all we did was sell them.  
  
It actually put me into a state of depression not being able to play those two games. It made me go out and hunt down copies of FFIII and C.Trigger. I paid a heavy price for both of these. At least 3 times what we had received for them. I was mowing lawns now and more “old” SNES games were purchased. Earthbound, Secret of Evermore, Super Mario RPG, Illusion of Gaia, Breath of Fire, and FFII quickly filled my SNES game drawer. Kain from FFII joined the ranks of favorite characters in FF games.  
  
By this time I’m in middle school and I don’t have many friends at all. My brother continuously played the N64 while I strived to max out stats on FFIII and C.Trigger. I played through every single SNES game I owned at least twice in the following year. Mega Man X had found its way into my collection being one of the few non-RPG games I kept after the N64 purchase. My only N64 satisfaction came from the Zelda: Ocarina of Time.  
  
Often Rented N64 Games, Turok, Blast Cores, Pilotwings, Quest 64, Harvest Moon 64 and several others  
  
Jr High opened up a new door for me. We received a PC. My brother jumped all over FF7. I wasn’t too excited for it to be honest. I was waiting for Square to release games on the N64, but it never happened. My 80 hour game on the PC version of FF7 was actually about 20 hours normal game play. Running the game on a 233 Mhz was terrible. I figured playing it on a PSX would have similar effects. I purchased a game boy color this year and continued to build up a small collection of pointless Game Boy Games. Alas, I continued to play my SNES games more than anything.  
  
One of my friends introduced me to ROMs and stuff, but my computer never ran them well.  
  
I eventually sold many of my SNES games. Mario Paint, Killer Instinct, Mortal Kombat 3, Zombies ate My Neighbors, Star Fox, Mega Man X, and Mega Man X2 so that I could purchase more games that I would enjoy. I was cut down to RPGs only on my SNES.  
  
I bought pokemon shortly after it was released.... yes I enjoyed this game A LOT. A trip to Colorado fueled this obsession with Pokemon. I used a friend’s copy to trade myself all the pokemon I didn’t already have. I’m evil like that.  
  
In my sophomore year in high school, I baby sat for my aunt who had a PSX. There I played Suikoden II, FF Tactics, FF8, Tales of Destiny, and FFIII in a matter of two hours. I was hooked on a PSX. I immediately went out and purchased one and built up an impressive collection of games for it. FFVII, FFVIII, FFIX, FF: Anthology Tales of Destiny were just a few of the games I hunted down. I was working at Tyson and had a great deal of income. I then went into a slump.  
  
I didn’t pick up a video game for a while. I had a ¾ finished game in FFVII. The hopes of Chrono Trigger on the PSX were going to be true soon. I pre-paid in full at Software Etc. Chrono Cross, the so called sequel of C.Trigger wasn’t 100% satisfying to me. The game did offer a very unique battle system that was slightly enjoyable, and a slight tie into C.Trigger.  
  
The PS2 came out, but at $300 I wasn’t even going to think about touching it. FFX was coming out for it and I had little desire to play it.  
  
My junior year I purchased the two new Zelda games for GBA and played through one of them and added the other to the early “Pile”. I also got all the Final Fantasy Game Boy Games (4 total) I completed Final Fantasy Adventure.  
  
No video games were inspiring to me anymore. They were all dull and boring for some strange reason. I wrote scripts for sequels to SoM, LoZ, and Chrono Trigger.   
  
The summer of my Jr Year, the Game Boy Advance came out. I purchased it the night it came out and I played it all the way to Washington DC on a band trip. I was extremely excited about this. A 32-bit system that was hand held. You cannot beat that with a stick!  
  
The price of the PS2 dropped my Senior Year in high school. I picked it up along with Final Fantasy X………. I sat on these…. A long time……I also managed to pick up Kingdom Hearts along the way.  
  
I went through my Sr year of high school not playing much of anything. I’d play a couple hours here or there and never really get into a game at all. I actually was in relationships so I didn’t bother with the video games too much. I bought a Game Cube in the Fall of 2001 and never really put it into good use. Ok so its slight bull crap. I was only in relationships between October and January. I spent the time before school playing Golden Sun on my GBA instead of talking to my girl.   
  
That summer I had my wisdom teeth taken out. I found this to be a good chance to get into FFV. I played 35 hours into it and left it (I’m just recently finishing it) then jumped on Metroid Prime.  
  
The fall of 2002, in the boredom and loneliness of not having many friends stay in Arkansas, I found the RPGamer forums. This is where several of my Liverjournal friends originated from, Deshy, Silver Mane, Valetine4Ever, PawsRPG, and several others. Deshy inspired me to finish FFVIII, play through FFIX and FFX. I was very active in the forums and played more often.   
  
I recieved the remade Link to the Past from a girl whom I refered to as my Russelleville Stalker. I still play the hell out of this game today.  
  
Kingdom Hearts was shortly completed after FFX. My inspiration to play was back. I quickly began purchasing more crap I didn’t need. The newest Zelda game was going to be my next target. I demolished the game and enjoyed every second of it.   
  
FF Origins came out and I was extremely anxious to play the remade FF with a format that was more bearable to use. I was not disappointed in game play, but the story left me yearning for more.  
  
My brother got me FFX-2 for Christmas….. made me want to vomit…. Yeah…. This began my loss of faith in the Final Fantasy Series.  
  
A break occurred from spring 2003 to fall 2003. I broke off from the chain of RPgamer because of the evilness I found in the forums. I joined Livejournal that fall.  
  
I found my roots and completed the original Legend of Zelda on Game Cube.  
  
Winter 2003, I found a series called .hack. First introduced to me by Valetine4ever and Silvermane. More influence later by Elena Josette. A video game SERIES of 4 games on one story and 6 dvds of pre-game adventures. I spent many hours playing this game. 100 hours. No game has influenced me like this one since C.Trigger. I actually found a character in the series I felt some what connected to. The character always said that they would do their best and try their hardest to never let you down. The emails this character sent to your character were in a tone I would most likely use. For once, the character I didn’t related to was not the bad guy or dark at all.  
  
Summer of 2004 I found myself in a bind. A $5 game sale at Circuit City… yeah this wasn’t good at all. This finished off the dreaded pile.  
  
Working at Game Stop this past Christmas didn't help either. Xbox training and many new GBA titles appearing didn't help me much at all. I also looked up the trade in value of my games. $1 was the average since all my games are old. I got the most money out of my Final Fantasy Legends games. So I sold them towards the purchase of a Nintendo DS. The DS isn’t lasting up to my standards so far. I’m upset at myself.  
  
Zelda II has been purchased again and valiant efforts are being made to complete it. The Classic NES series expanded and gives me more reason to play these classics on consols.  
  
Most gaming since hasn’t been too exciting. The most disappointing Fable and decent Paper Mario have been completed. All of it can be found in my archives http://www.livejournal.com/tools/memories.bml?user=shadow_x&keyword;=Video+Game+Crap&filter;=all  
  
My current “roster” of games can be found in my livejournal profile, http://www.livejournal.com/userinfo.bml?user=shadow_x  
  
I’m very upset that I never was able to play the true classics in their original form on the NES. Dragon Warrior, Star Tropics, Final Fantasy I-III, the list is long. I have them on ROMs now, but it just won’t be the same.  
  
I currently sit upon a throne of strategy guides and game faqs. I finished very few games without aid from an outside source. My SNES guides show extremely heavy wear and tear on them showing how much I relied on them. I am ashamed at how long I used the Game Genie on my SNES and NES.  
  
Games today have too much violence in them to please me. Zelda is one of the few series I can still rely on for a decent clean challenge.  
  
No games have held a special place in my hear that The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past, Secret of Mana, Chrono Trigger, and Final Fantasy VI once did. These are the best of the best to me. I made many many LEGO models of characters and buildings. Few of them are still intact, but pictures are in my albums. I have had extreme difficulty finding something that could just swarm me with such warmth that nothing else mattered when I was playing them. The music, the graphics, the story all if it was perfect. I desired more after playing and to this day I desire more, but know I cannot receive it. The .hack series came close… very close… I may own several that will have the same effect on me, but getting around to playing them will be most difficult. Maybe Elder Scrolls III will satisfy me.  
  
The 16-bit era will always be MY era. No 32 bit game, nor 30000 bit game will satisfy me the same.  
  
So there’s my story……
