---
id: 429042
title: 2005-09-22 13:59:29
slug: 429042
datePublished: 2005-09-22 13:59:29
tags:
 - livejournal
---

The new game boy micro comes with a widget to help change face plates!!!

[quote from IGN article titled "GBA Micro in Box"]
Left: Game Boy Micro comes with the system, two additional faceplates, AC adapter, **a widget to pop the faceplates off,** documentation, and a carrying sock. Right: Silver and Black Game Boy Micros. Complete with finger grease.

That has to be the GREATEST THING EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Truth be told I don't know what a widget is... but it's an awesome word.

I was hoping it was a small mythological creature that specializes in the removal of plastic face plates... turns out its a piece of plastic.... how disappointing.

Edit #1:
Test 1 out of 3 completed. Wasn't too difficult. I didn't study the stuff I should have though, but there was really no way of me knowing that. Teacher said study the power points, but never said "Focus on theories". No big deal. The next test is in a month and a half and I'll probably know what to focus on more then.

I'm going to have to figure something out. Trillian really is lame with contacts.... if I delete a contact off of trillain and then log onto aim, the contact comes back! if I go back into trillian.... it's back again! When I signed up for Trillian last summer I had a large number of reincarnated contacts from when I first used Trillian in 2000. Yeah, absolute random people showed up on my list or at least I thought they were random..... yeah...

Edit #2:
Test 2 sucked! Like AWFUL!.... yeah It was an essay test and I couldn't concentrate to SAVE MY LIFE. There is just too much on my mind to focus right now. Paintball, work, cottage cheese, you know the deal.... this next test should be cake though. Multiple choice and the teacher read out the entire test and gave us the answers.... and I wrote them all down... and I already knew the answers because of common sense. Yeah cake walk !\

Edit #3:
Test 3 was a joke. Finished in less than 15 minutes and no less than 20 people finished before me... there were 50 questions... yeah... it was a joke. I'm off to BE
