---
id: 429800
title: 2005-09-26 04:20:22
slug: 429800
datePublished: 2005-09-26 04:20:22
tags:
 - livejournal
---

So here's a real update

Friday I get up a little early because I need money for the trip. Head to wal-mart for batteries and then the new Harps for foodies.... I see my old store manager and I talked to her for a while. I'm thinking about transferring and taking a position over there as the frozen/dairy manager. I'm more interested in that then closing manager.

Jason and I head up to IL by ourselves since we got out of class earliest... well since he did. I don't have class on fridays. Long LONG trip... We get to the hotel around 7:30 and I brought an XBox to watch movies while we wait for the other guys.... the TV didn't have an AV cable hookup so I was screwed. I used Jason's phone to call kyle and tell him to buy me an rf switch on the way up. We get tired of waiting and I go to sleep.

Around 11:30pm I wake up with Gilley on top of me dry humping me. Kyle threw the RF adapter on my head, turns out that he got me one that will work on all the systems I own, which is awesome.

Tournament day went great. Prelims were six games. Three games on one field, then three games on another field. The first field probably had 15 bunkers to 10 players. Yeah it really sucked. We used a TON of paint. Our last three games were played on a 7-man field. Close to 30 bunkers on this field. Definitely a moving and dominating field. We won our first game in 15 seconds... it was awful. I did die on the break though. We fixed the problem the next game and dominated yet again. Third game on the field we played Southern Illinois State... yeah this is the team we played at KState last year with the guy with the warp feed....  It was great. At the end of the game King Ben's gun was pulled and checked for bouncing problems. His gun was taking off shooting like crazy. Wasn't doing it earlier in the day. We were docked 100 points, but still locked in the semi finals.

Semifinals were three games. We won all three games very convincingly.

Finals were three games also. We were all really really tired. We didn't have a real lunch and a really sorry excuse for a breakfast.

After finals were over I could barely stand I was so tired.  I felt like I was going to pass out.

They handed out free beer after the tournament... yeah... free beer to dehydrated paintballers who haven't eaten all day... genius if you ask me. I was tired and not in the right state of mind, I wanted to go back to the hotel and have a couple beers there, but Kyle heard about a players party some where and we decided to do that. On the way home, Kyle drove THROUGH a corn field... not on a road by a corn field... THROUGH IT! He drove about 20 feet into it, turned around and drove out. THey stole some corn too! He still have corn husks in his grill when he made it back to the hotel.

We went back to the hotel, showered, ate cracker barrel, and then went to a player's party thirty minutes away. We kicked it with the 5 illinois state guys from 11:00 to about 2:00 and I was the DD. Now I had fun until about 12 or so. I just wanted to go to the hotel and get some sleep because I was DEAD TIRED as was Jason.

We managed to gather everyone up and take off around 2 or so.... street lights in illinois are twice as bright as the ones in arkansas... and illinois smells like play-doh...... Driving with two highly intoxicated teammates is a little difficult.. especially when you are extremely tired. WHen I'm tired I turn the radio up and blast some AC... I couldn't do that because they all got mad when I did. We got to the hotel and i CRASHED.

Woke up around 9:30 this morning and took a shower. Jason woke up and took one too. We packed up and were gone by 10:30. The drive home kinda sucked because of all the rain that hit us. Nasty conditions. Car was humid and it was cold outside. I did finish Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire on the way back. I'm so ready for the movie. Kyle, Gilley, King Ben, and Erik left around 1 I think.

Got home, went to an APO meeting, ate dinner with Laura, came home... realized mom and dad are out of town til Wednesday... and there you go!
