---
id: 118344
title: Its ended......hack that is
slug: Its-ended-hack-that-is
datePublished: 2004-05-09 20:50:14
tags:
  - livejournal
  - game-review
---

Just finished the .hack series. Total game time 89:48:54. This includes a 15 level bonus dungeon. Standard dungeons are between 2 and 5. This dungeon took me two hours to complete. Game/Anime character Review behind the cut. warning spoilers.

## Anime Characters

Tsukasa: I guess is the main character. I can't stand him.

Subaru: A nice character. Amazing out of game character, but she reveals her weakness way too much. As a leader of "the police force" of "The World" I'd expect a character with a higher level.

BT: Not very memorable

Bear: Very nice guy. Good character. He's a 40 year old video game player... he rules.....

Crim: He's ummm Crim? Not much is known about his out of game character which is upsetting.

Silver Knight: Dirt bag on a power trip. He's under Subaru and goes behind her back on stuff.

Helba: Hacker pretty meh

Sora: Sora's pretty cool! He's a 4th grader who kicks butt! He's fast and his twin blades look like Wolverine's from the X-men

Mimiru: Eh she's a tom boy who is kinda pushy

## Playable Game Characters

Kite: Blah, just the main character nothing special.

Black Rose: One of the few good characters that you can use. Acts and looks way too much like Mimiru

Mia: You really only get to use her a few times in the four games.

Elk: He's a whiney kid, but he rules when you can use him in your party. You don't get to use him majority of the series which REALLY sucks. He's one of the only useful spell casters

Natsume: I love Natsume. YOu find out her character likes to read books and she likes LOTR. She's fairly cute. I wanted to use her the whole series, but she's the same character class as Kite so she's almost worthless. She admits to being in love with Kite at the end of teh series. Optional player

Terajima Ryoko: Heavy axmen who's basically like Subaru. Extremely weak. I never really used her. She's a private school student Optional player

Nuke Usagimaru: This is a Crim look a like. He tries to be funny, but he's not...I never used him Optional player

Rachel: Sound too much like Fran Dresher... don't get me started Optional player

Marlo: He's a drunk. I think he's drunk while playing the game Optional player

Moonstone: This guy rules, but like Natsume he's a twin blade. Its almost stupid to use him in your party. Using two twin blades in a party is suicide :( His avatar is SWEET. He's like me. Loves to level up and work out. Optional player

Gardenia: She's weird..... VERY powerful. Only good Long Arm(spear user) in the game Optional player

Sanjuro: Samurai. He's the only American player in the game. He's cool, but I rarely used him. Optional player

Piros: Pretty annoying

Balmung: I loved this guy. He's one of the legendary characters. Pretty OP

Wiseman: I hate this guy. He shows up out of no where and acts like a general. He's the only wave master you can use through most of the third volume so I had to grunt it out.

Mistral: Wave master, high pitched voice, very cute. She gets pregnant in the begining of the third game. VERY useful

Orca:He goes into a coma right after he does the tutorial. He's the second legandary player. Balmung joins your quest to help you save his partner. Kite is Orca's best friend.

Helba: She RULES when you get her. 9999 hit points... Kite only has 2000

Subaru: You get her LATE in the fourth game... she is only at level 15... almost worthless

Sora: He's the f*ckin sh*t. When you get him, he's level 90. AWESOME weapons and he talks in that 4th grader hacker talk. He's a twin blade so i couldn't use him in the final dungeon

Tsukasa:a jerk just like in the anime. STarts at level 4..... yeah I haven't used him much yet. doubt i will

Over all the game kicked butt. I want to play it a lot more and complete all the mini games, but I want to play Kingdom Hearts. The whole series is an amazing story. Full of a broad variety of characters. I'll play it again in the future. Props to Cyber Connect. It plays a lot like Kindgom Hearts. The game stands out more than anyother game because its an offline online game. A million dungeons you could go to if you wanted. Tons of artificial characters to talk to and trade with
