---
id: 387119
title: Majora's Mask
slug: Majora-s-Mask
datePublished: 2005-06-05 10:13:54
tags:
  - livejournal
  - game-review
---

Just completed Majora's Mask. Lets just say I'm VERY glad I'm done.

The game is one huge rebuild of Ocarina of Time. Character shells, sounds, battle system, the works. All direct copies. It's not BAD or anything, but since they had most of the work already done you'd expect to have a better story than what's given.

A Skull kid has found Majora's Mask and becomes angry and makes the moon crash into the world. You have three days to prevent this from happening. The ONLY way to permanently save is to play the Song of Time and it returns you to the beginning of the first day and all events you completed are no longer completed. You only keep major items and your masks. You can save your rupees at your friendly crippled banker(who's obviously the beggar in Ocarina of Time).

So what does this mean in terms of dungeons? Say you complete the first dungeon.... the swamp waters become clean and the monkey doesn't get tortured. Well  your three days are almost up when you get done with the dungeon. Save... the monkey is being tortured again! But ALAS! You can beat the dungeon again. Thankfully a warp platform will appear... and you must defeat the boss again then you can go about finishing other quests required for stupid stuff. The second dungeon must be completed to allow Spring in the mountains.... there is so much to do here that you have to at least do it twice. So I'm pretty sure you get my point that you are doing important quests that will eventually be erased once you save. Kinda crappy! :)

There wasn't MUCH challenge in the game. Just irritation and aggravation. You have to learn to control your blood pressure with the constant changing of time and nearly impossible to receive heart pieces. I completed no problem with 14 hearts.

The new items aren't too cool. Most dungeon items are the arrows. First dungeon you get the bow, second dungeon you receive fire arrows, third ice, fourth light. You get your trusty hookshot and other fun crap from other mini dungeons. The "new" items are pretty dumb. A mega keg bomb thing and the great fairy sword.. which is just a pretty version of the goron sword. All other items are just items from Ocarina of Time. AGAIN! LACK OF CREATIVITY!!!!!!!

One kind of cool thing is that you get to turn into all the different races. Deku Scrub, Goron and Zora.
Deku Scrub Link is pretty cool. YOu can hop on water and launch yourself out of deku flowers.
Goron Link can roll into a ball and roll around. You get to roll and ramp through tracks. which is really really aggregating.
Zora Link is basically Adult Link with a gargly voice. He can launch his elbow fins that act like boomerangs, but they never hit anything. His swim ability is great though. Having to swim as Link is dull because he is slow. Zora Link is fast and its cool.

If everything goes well and you get all 20 masks you can receive the "Fierce Deities Mask" and it will turn you into Adult Link basically and you have a laser shooting sword. Final boss took me two minutes to defeat.

I was pretty disappointed in the game, but I went into the game thinking that also. This definitely ranks as the #1 Zelda game I could do without. I haven't played Four Swords, but it might as well be #2.

Elder Scrolls: Morrowind here I come.
