---
id: 455553
title: Daniel's adventure at the bordello!
slug: Daniel-s-adventure-at-the-bordello
datePublished: 2005-11-08 15:04:07
tags:
 - livejournal
---

So... I was playing Fable: The Lost Chapters for the first time in forever this morning.. I decided to go venture a path I had noticed during the trader guide quest. There was a new path in DarkWood Lake that I didn't remember from the last time I played the game and it wasn't in the original Fable guide. So... I decided to go down it. The look of DarkWood is pretty self explanatory. Dark Wood Lake really describes the area. Well I go down the path and... there is a door..... a door in the side of a mountain... TWF mate? Isn't it supposed to be like a cave entrance or something? This was a flat out REAL door that looked like it was to a mansion. I was like ok.

I go through the door and I came back into view in a cut scene where I'm being led to a mansion in the middle of a rather nice forest(not a marsh) by a lady probably in her mid 40s. Wearing clothing that isn't normal to the other Fable NPCs. When I checked the map I found out I was in the "Darkwood Bordello"... well I forgot what a bordello was until I made it to the mansion.

Yes my friends, one of the Lost Chapters of Fable is a whorehouse in the middle of a swamp... Yeah... so...I decided to mosey around the place and check out the area. Turns out the lady who escorted you to the mansion wants you to over throw the owner of the mansion.

There is also a Demon Door in the area. Perform tasks and the doors will open for you... this one in general wanted me to get laid 10 times. So... yeah... =I talked around the house... there are about six ladies in the house you can... mega uber extreme cuddle with.... really expensive one, exotic,, old lady, a rather "normal" girl and some other one I couldn't remember. The old lady was 50 gold and the expensive one was 2000... I spent the night with each girl once to see the different reactions... you don't see the sleeping.. but you hear rather humorous dialogue... especially the old woman.... so... to open the door i needed to hop in bed four more times.... i took the normal girl and skipped scene on the dialogue.

I head to the demon door... he opens.... and I get a PIMP HAT! OH YEAH A BIG ASS PURPLE PIMP HAT!!!!!! How awesome is that! I put on the hat and tried to set everyone on fire in the house, but my magic was disabled because there were no enemies in the area.... but I was able to fist fight!!!! Imagine a hero running around a whore house in his underwear(they take off all your armor when you go to bed) wearing a pimp hat PUNCHING EVERYONE IN THE FACE!!!!! I had fun... then I reset the game because I spent too much gold.
