---
id: 172626
title: The Legend of Zelda Time Line According to WorthyD
slug: The-Legend-of-Zelda-Time-Line-According-to-WorthyD
datePublished: 2004-08-11 19:59:48
tags:
  - livejournal
  - game-review
---

There has never been a time line for the legendary Zelda series. Here's how I view it

## Main Theory

Three Links

- First Link Appeared in Link to the Past, Legend of Zelda, Oracle of Seasons, Oracle of Ages, Link's Awakening, and Link's Adventure
- Second Link appeared in Ocarina of Time and Majora's Mask
- Third Link appeared in Wind Waker.
- I'll get info on the Four Swords Link when I get around to it.

### Link To The Past

Story From SNES Instruction booklet
The Legends Of Hyrule

> To set the stage for this adventure of the legendary Hero of Hyrule., it will be informative to delve into the Triforce myth, and ancient epic about the creation of the world that is still believed in the land of Hyrule. Every culture has such myths and theories about the creation of their worlds, and it can be beneficial and entertaining to examine them in detail for they often affect the present day social structure. The legends say the mythical gods of Hyrule had their chosen people the Hylia. These ancient people left scrolls that are the primary source of the legends…

> ### The Creation of Hyrule

> According to Hylian scrolls, the mythical gods descended from a distant nebula to the world that was created order and life. The God of Power dyed the mountains red with fire and created the land. The God of Wisdom created science and wizardry and brought order to nature. And the God of Courage, though justice and vigor, created life- the animals that crawl the land and the birds that soar in the sky. After the gods had finished their work, they left the world, but not before creating a symbol of their strength, a golden triangle known as the Triforce. A small but powerful portion of the essence of the gods was held in this mighty artifact, which was to guide the intelligent life on the world of Hyrule.

> Although it was an inanimate object, the Triforce had the power to bestow three titles wich gave the person who received them great powers: “The Forger of Strength”, “The Keeper of Knowledge”, and “The Juror of Courage”. From its hiding place in the so-called Golden Land where the gods placed it, the Triforce beckoned people from the outside world to seek it in the hope that someone worthy of these titles would find it.

> With their magic infused blood, the Hylian people were endowed with psychic powers and skill in wizardry. It was also said that their long, pointed ears enabled them to hear special messages from the gods, so they were held in high esteem by many people in Hyrule. Their descendants settled in various parts of the world and passed on their knowledge and magical lore to all people. Bu tin its passing, the lore was often distorted or lost altogether…

> ### ----Gates To The Golden Land----
>
> In Hyrule, there are many Hylian buildings which are mentioned repeatedly in the legends. These buildings, which now lie in ruin, pale shadows of their former splendor, are closely tied to the Triforce. Some were said to house the Triforce itself..

> If it were only a symbol of the gods, the Triforce would be coveted by many. But a verse from the Book of Mudora (a collection of Hylian legends and lore) made the Triforce even more desirable:
>
> > ** \_In a realm beyond sight,
> > The sky shines gold, not blue
> > There, the Triforce’s might
> > Makes mortal dreams come true.**\_

> Many aggressively searched for the wish-granting Triforce, but no one, not even the Hylian sages, was sure of its location; the knowledge had been lost over time. Some said the Triforce lay under the desert, others said that it was in the cemetery in the shadow of Death Mountain, but no one ever found it. That yearning for the Triforce soon turned to lust for power, which in turn led to the spilling of blood. Soon the only motive left among those searching for the Triforce was pure greed.

> One day, quite by accident, a gate to the Golden Land of the Triforce was opened by a gang of thieves skilled in the black arts. This land was like no other. In the gathering twilight, the Triforce shone from its resting place high above the world. In a long running battle, the leader of the thieves fought his way past his followers in lust for the Golden Power. After vanquishing his own followers, the leader stood triumphant over the Triforce and grasped it with his blood- stained hands. He heard a whispered voice: “If thou hast a strong desire or dream, wish for it….” And in reply the roaring laughter of brigand leader echoed across time and space and even reached the far-off land of Hyrule. The name of this king of thieves is Ganondorf Dragmire but he is known by his alias, Mandrag Ganon, which means Ganon of the Enchanted Thieves.

> ### The Imprisoning War
>
> I do not know what Ganon wished for from the Triforce. However, in time evil power began to flow from the Golden Land and greedy men were drawn there to become members of Ganon’s army. Black clouds permanently darkened the sky, and many disasters beset Hyrule. The lord of Hyrule sent for the Seven Wise Men and the Knights of Hyrule, and ordered them to seal the entrance to the Golden Land.

> The Triforce, being an inanimate object cannot judge between good and evil. Therefore it could not know that Ganon’s wishes were evil; it merely granted them. Suspecting that Ganon’s power was based on the Triforce’s magic, the people of Hyrule forged a sword resistant to magic which could repulse even powers granted by the Triforce. This mighty weapon became known as the blade of evil’s ban or the Master Sword. It was so powerful that only one who was pure of heart and strong of body could wield it. As the Seven Wise Men searched for a valiant person to take up the Master Sword, Ganon’s evil army swarmed- from the tainted Golden Land into Hyrule and attacked the castle. The wise men and the Knights of Hyrule combined forces to wage war on this evil horde.

> The Knights took the full brunt of fierce attack, and although they fought courageously, many a brave soul was lost that day. Howeever, their lives were not lost in vain, for they bought precious time for the Seven Wise Men to magically seal Ganon in the Golden Land. All of Ganon’s evil and chaos. This war, which had claimed many lives, became known as the Imprisoning War in stories told in later centuries.

> ### The Coming Of The Wizard
>
> Many centuries have passed since the Imprisoning War. The land of Hyrule healed its wounds and the people lived in peace for a long time. Memories of the vicious Imprisoning War faded over the generations…

> So it is no surprise that no one was prepared for the new disasters that have recently struck Hyrule. Pestilence and drought, uncontrollable even by magic, ravaged the land. The king of Hyrule, after council with his sages, ordered an investigation of the Imprisoned Dark World (as the Golden Land had come to be known) but the wise men’s seal was apparently intact. He offered rewards for anyone who could find the source of these troubles. IN answer to these summons a stranger named Agahnim came and quelled the disasters with a previously unseen form of magic. As a reward, the king gave him a new position as chief advisor and heir to the Seven masses proclaimed him their hero. Peace had returned to Hyrule… or had it?

> Of late, rumors have traveled their whispering path with alarming frequency. Rumors saying Agahnim now rules the country with his magic… Rumors of his strange magical experiments in the castle tower at night… The people of Hyrule were gripped by dread.

> ### Prologue
>
> One night, a girl’s voice awakens you in your sleep.
> She telepathically pleads
>
> > “Help me….
> > My name is Zelda…
> > I am in the castle dungeon.”

> You jump out of bed not knowing whether the voice was part of a dream or reality. Upon leaving your bed, you find your uncle, who should be fast asleep at this time , preparing to go out, girded for battle.

> “I’ll be back by morning,” he says as he departs. “Don’t leave the house.”

> You watch him leave with the family sword in hand and shield on arm.

> This is a night like no other…. Who is Zelda? Where had your uncle gone for what reason?

> And so, on an ill-fated night, a new chapter in the legend of Hyrule’s hero begins- a new chapter in The Legend of Zelda.

### Facts

- Pre-game, Ganon is mortal with no magic power until he receives the triforce
- Pictures from the Comic Series put into Nintendo Power show Ganon in human form. He looks more like a fat grungy bearded pirate than what he looks like in OoT and WW
- Only game with Link's Uncle.
- Webbed Fish-Like Zora's exists
- End of game Master Sword is back in lost woods
- King of Hyrule exists now
- Link is young boy and is referred to as the hero of legend not the hero of time

### Theory

#### Map

- On top of Death Mountain you can see trees beneath it. Not sure if it is the Lost Woods or the other side of Death Mountain

### Post-Game

- Zelda takes control of Triforce. Ganon finds a way back. Zelda hides one piece of Triforce.

## Legend of Zelda

### Story from the Legend of Zelda Instruction Booklet

> A long, long time ago the World was in an age of Chaos. In the mist of this chaos in a little kingdom in the land of Hyrule as legend was being banded down from generation to generation, the legend of the “Triforce”; golden triangles possessing mystical powers. One day, and evil army attacked this peaceful little kingdom and stole the Triforce of Power. This army was led by Ganon, the powerful Prince of Darkness who sought to plunge the World into fear and darkness under his rule. Fearing his wicked rule, Zelda, the princess of this kingdom, split up the Triforce of Wisdom into eight fragments and hid them throughout the realm to save the last remaining Triforce from the clutches of the evil Ganon. At the same time, she commanded her most trustworthy nursemaid, Impa, to secretly escape into the land and go find a man with enough courage to destroy the evil Ganon. Upon hearing this, Ganon grew angry, imprisoned the princess and sent out a party in search of Impa.

> Braving forests and mountains, Impa fled for her life from her pursuers. As she reached the very limit of her energy she found herself surrounded by Ganon’s evil henchman. Cornered! What could she do?… But Wait! All was not lost! A young lad appeared. He skillfully drove off Ganon’s henchmen and saved impa from a fate worse than death

> His name was Link. During his travels he had come across Impa and Ganon’s hencmen. Impa told link the whole story of the princess Zelda and the evil Ganon. Burning with a sense of justice, Link resolved to save Zelda, but Ganon was a powerful opponent. He held the Triforce of power. And so, in order to fight off Ganon, Link had to bring the scattered eight fragments of the Triforce of wisdom together to rebuild the mystical triangle. If he couldn’t do this there would be no chance link could fight his way to death mountain where Ganon lived.
> Can link really destroy Ganon and save princess Zelda?

> Only your skill can answer that question, good luck, use the Triforce wisely

### Facts

- Ganon, the King of Evil, broke free from the Dark World and captured Hyrule's beloved Princess Zelda -www.zelda.com (sets story AFTER LTTP)
- Impa was sent out to find a hero. Of course, it was Link
- Webbed Zora's still exist
- Moblins introduced
- No evidence of a Hyrule Castle or King
- Link is still young. Looks much younger than adult link in OoT and The Adventure of Link

### Theory-

#### Map Theory

- Death Mountain is farthest north on map. Possible coast farther north.
- South part of map stops with mountains also. Highly possible that the southern parts of Adventure of Link exist at this point in time

### Pre-game

- Ganon destroyed Kakariko and Hyrule Castle(along with the king) when he captures Zelda. Kakariko becomes graveyard and Hyrule Castle becomes LVL1 of LoZ (location on map seem same)
- Location similarities of Dungeons- Eastern Palace became LVL 2, Turtle Rock became LVL5, Swamp Ruins became LVL3, Tower of Hera collapses and turns into LVL9,
  -T he resting place of the best sword is in the graveyard near the lost woods. Sword could technically be considered the Master Sword since the name wasn’t coined until LTTP. Could have been possible that the resting place of the sword from LTTP became a burial ground and the sword was moved under a grave.

### Post-Game

- Link keeps the master sword and uses it through Adventure of Link.
- Old school Zoras die out
- Entire East Coast of map on LoZ is water. So another continent (Zelda 2) is completely possible

## Oracle of Seasons/Ages

### Seasons Story from Instruction booklet

> One day in Hyrule, a strange force drew Link deep within Hyrule castle, where he found the Triforce resting, glittering brilliantly as it awaited him.

> Link….. Link…. Accept the quest of the Triforce!”

> Suddenly, Link was enveloped in a shaft of light, and the next moment, he vanished.

> When Link awoke, he found himself in a forest he had never seen. Confused, he looked around blankly at the unfamiliar surroundings. He heard pleasant music and laughing voices echoing from deep within the woods. Link followed the inviting voices until he came upon a traveling troupe of actors. He was immediately struck by the beauty of a young woman who was dancing about in circles. When the girl noticed Link, she smiled brightly and called him.

> “Welcome to Holodrum. I am Din, the dancer,” she said with glee. “Would you like to dance with me? Don’t be shy. It will be more fun if we dance together.” She took him by the hand, and he reluctantly began to dance. Unfortunately, this blissful moment did not last long. The sky suddenly went dark, and there was a loud crash of thunder, followed by a resounding, thunderous voice. “I’ve found you , Din! You can’t deceive me by disguising yourself as a dancer. I am Onox, General of Darkness! Now reveal yourself, Oracle of Seasons!”

> Then a great tornado dropped from the sky and drew near din, as if to engulf her.

> “Help me, Link!” she cried.

> Link was blown back by the tornado as he struggled against its awesome force, and Din was swept away in the wind…

> And then strange things began to happen throughout the land.

> When Onox carried off the Oracle of Seasons from the land of Holodrum, the seasons fell into chaos and the land was deprived of the bountiful gifts of nature. Life was slowly being drained from the land, and all living things began to wither.

> And so Onox set in motion his plan together power from the withering land and create a world of total darkness. Will Link be able to rescue Din from the hand of evil, the General of Darkness?

> Such is the quest Link must undertake

### Oracle of Ages Story from Instruction booklet

> Link awoke one day to find himself deep in a strange forest. As he started to walk through the woods, he heard cries for help coming from just up ahead of him. Link hurried toward the voice, only to find a group of monsters surrounding the woman who was screaming. When the monsters saw Link, the immediately Fled.

> The woman who was being attacked was none other than Impa, nurse to Hyrule’s Princess Zelda. Impa said she had come to the forest to search for a singer named Nayru.

> “Can’t you hel me look?” Impa asked. Despite the strange look she gave him, Link could not refuse her request. Together they found a large stone with a rune on it. Naturally, Link moved the stone, but Impa wouldn’t so much as lay a hand on it.

> As they traveled even deeper into the forest, they found a young woman singing. Invited to sit by the group of animals that listened to the girl’s song, Link joined in the circle and let the beautiful song fill his ears and penetrate his heart. This was surely Nayru, the singer Impa was searching for. Just then, Impa erupted in a cackling laugh.

> “Ah ha ha ha ha!”

> A darkness surrounded Impa, and a frightening shadow lifted from her body.

> “Nayru! Oracle of Ages! I, Veran, Sorceress of Shadows, shall make you my own!”

> The shadow that called itself Veran began swooping about the forest before flying straight into the body of the frightened singer. A blinding light shone forth from Nayru’s body.

> When Link’s eyes had grown use to the light, he realized that Nayru looked very strange. Her face seemed veiled in shadow, and her bright smile had vanished. A piercing, evil gaze had replaced it.

> “Ha ha ha ha ha!”

> “Now the power of the Oracle of Ages is mine! I can travel through time at will! Now a new age shall begin – and age of shadows!” And with that Veran and Nayru vanished.

> Nayru was actually the Oracle of Ages who controlled time in this land of Labrynna. When the oracle was kidnapped, the flow of time in Labrynna was distorted, and strange things began to happen. Before vanishing, Veran said, “When the past changes so does the present.” Her plan was to travel to the past and gather power from the sorrows of the people of Labrynna so that she could create her age of shadows.

> Will Link be able to free Nayru from Veran’s evil clutches?

### Facts

- Seasons Begins with Link being sent to Holodrum via the Triforce in Hyrule Castle
- Ages begins with Link awakening in the woods
- Introduces the Gorons, and Zoras (as the mermaid type) and Jabu Jabu
- End of the games Link is on a ship.
- Either game could have occurred first.

### Theory

- The Oracles, Din and Nayru, share the names of the Goddess of Power and Goddess of Wisdom respecively. Its possible that they are the Goddesses in human form.

### Pre-Game

- Holodrum and Labrynna are lands within the same world as Hyrule

### Post-Game

- End of game immediately begins Link's Awakening

## Link's Awakening

Story from Zelda Link’s Awakening DX instruction booklet\*\*
Though you fulfilled the Hyrulian prophecy of the Legendary Hero and destroyed the evil tyrant Ganon, the land of Hyrule enjoyed only a precarious peace. “Who knows what threats may arise from Ganon’s ashes?” the restless people murmured as they knitted their brows and shook their heads. Ever vigilant, you decided to journey away from Hyrule on a quest for enlightenment, in search of wisdom that would make you better able to withstand the next threat to your homeland.

Months of difficult travel passed. After a long and fruitful voyage, you breathed deeply the sea spray from the deck of the ship that carried you home to Hyrule. But your home coming was not to be. Suddenly a squall struck your ship, and though you valiantly fought the waves, as lighting bolt reduced your ship to splinters.

Your world faded black as you sank into the darkness of the storm-tossed sea with remains of your craft. But in the cold darkness of the deep you heard a comforting voice that reminded you of home. It was the voice of Princess Zelda!

“You’re going to be all right!” The voice said. “What a relief!”

You opened your eyes to find Princess Zelda standing over you – or was it?! Actually it turned out to be a woman named Marin. She explained that you had drifted with the wreckage of your ship to the shores of Kohlint Island. This mysterious island was unique for the gigantic egg which crowned its central mountain. It was said that a mythical creature, the Wind Fish, lay asleep in side the egg.
You set out in search of your sword and other gear that might have been washed up on the beach with you. As you stood in the surf with your recovered sword, a strange owl suddenly appeared and hooted this riddle:
”Awaken the Wind Fish and all will be answered”

“What is the Wind Fish?” you wonder… And what did its awakening portend? Your most mysterious adventure yet, following the riddle of the Wind Fish through the uncharted island of Koholint, is about to unfold.

**Facts** -Story begins with Link on a ship, put two and two together.

**Theory** The story mentions “Who knows what threats may arise from Ganon’s ashes?” In Link’s adventure Ganon is revived by Link’s blood on Ganon’s ashes. Possibly setting story in front of Zelda II Adventure of Link

**Post-Game** -Upon Link's return to Hyrule new towns have been built

## Adventure of Link

### Story From Instruction Book

> Hyrule was on the road to ruin. The ower that the vile heart of Ganon had left behind was causing chaos and disorder in Hyrule. What’s, more even after the fall of Ganon, some of his underlings remained, waiting for Ganon’s return.

> The key to Ganon’s return was the blood of Link - the valiant lad who overthrew the King of Evil. Ganon would be revived by sacrificing Link and sprinkling his blood on the ashes of Ganon.

> Meanwhile, Link remained in the little kingdom of Hyrule and lent his hand to its restoration. But circumstances did not look very good.

> One day, a strange mark, exactly like the crest of the kingdom, appeared on the back of Link’s hand as he approached his 16th birthday. The worried Link, went to Impa, Princess Zelda’s nursemaid who was shocked and frightened when she saw the birthmark. When she regained her composure, she took Link to the North Castle.

> There was a door in the North Castle called “the door that does not open.” Only the descendadnts of the Impa family who served the king knew how to open the door. Impa took Link’s left hadn and pressed the back of it against the door. There was a sound of a lock falling open, the door slowly creaked open and there on an alter in the middle of the room lay a beautiful woman.

> “Here lies Princess Zelda.” Impa began to speak calmly.

> “Link, the time has come when I must tell you the legend of Zelda handed down in Hyrule. It is said that long ago, when Hyrule was one country a great rule maintained the peace in Hyrule using the Triforce. However, the king too was a child of a man and he died. Then, the prince of the kingdom should have become king and inherited everything, but he could inherit the Triforce only in part.”

> The Prince searched everywhere for the missing parts, but could not find them.”

> Then, a magician close to the king brought him some unexpected news.

> Before he died, the king said something about the Triforce to only the younger sister of the prince, Princess Zelda. The prince immediately questioned the princess, but she wouldn’t tell him anything. After the prince, the magician threatened to put the princess into an eternal sleep if she did not talk, but even still, she said nothing.”

> In his anger, the magician tried to cast a magic spell on the princess. The surprised prince tried to stop him, but the magician fought off the prince and went on chanting the spell. Then, when the spell was finally cast,
> Princess Zelda fell on that spot and entered a sleep from which she might never awake. At the same time, the magician also fell down and breathed his last.”

> In his grief, the prince placed the princess in this room. He hoped that someday she would come back to life. So that the tragedy would never be forgotten, he ordered that every female child born into the royal family household shall be given the name Zelda”

> From the stand next to the alter where Princess Zelda lay in a deep sleep, Impa took six crystals and a scroll with the same crest and handed them to Link.

> “For generations, my family has been handed down these things which have been set aside for a time when a great king will come. They are written in an ancient script that no-one can read now. But you who have the rest may be able to read it. It is said that the key to uniting the Triforces is hidden there. Now is the time for you to read it.”

> Link Glanced at the scroll in half doubt, but what do you know? Although he had never seen the letters before, he found that he could read them as if they were talking to him.

> This was written on the scroll.

> “You who’ll control the Triforce of the future. I shall hand down to you the secrets of the Triforce. There are three kinds of Triforce - Power, Wisdom, and Courage. When these three are brought together, the Triforce will show its maximum power. Of the three, I have left Power and Wisdom in the kingdom. But the Triforce of Courage I have hidden for a reason.
> Not everybody can use the Triforce. It requires a strong character with no evil thoughts. But an inborn special quality is also necessary. Unfortunately, I have not found such a person during my lifetime.”

> Therefore, I have decided to cast a spell on Hyrule. A crest will appear on a young man with that character who has been brought up correctly, has gained many kinds of experiences and reached a certain age. But, what will happen if someone else uses the Triforce before them? If it misused, it will produce many evils.”

> “The Triforce of Courage is hidden in the Great Palace in the Valley of Death on the largest island in Hyrule. However to enter you must first fight the guardians and undo the “binding force.” When you have defeated the guardians, which I have made to prevent enemies from invading the six palaces in Hyrule set a crystal in the forehead of the statue you find. When you have set crystals in all of the six palaces, the “binding force” placed on the Valley of Death will be removed and you will be able to enter the great palace. There, you must fight the last guardian. And you can obtain the Triforce only by defeating that guardian.

> There’s nothing to fear. You are the one to get the Triforce. You are the beacon hope for Hyrule.”

> Impa implored Link, who raised his head slowly after reading the scroll.

> ”The magic spell cast upon Princess Zelda will sure be broken if the Triforce is used.

> Please, Link. Unite the Triforce and save the princess. And bring back peace to Hyrule.”

> Link nodded silently in approval, and left the room after taking a long glance at the altar.

> Then, with a magical sword in his left hand and a magical shield in his right, he set off alone on his travels. At that time, Ganon’s underlings were calling up new allies from the Underworld, and were beginning to work devilishly towards the revival of Ganon.

### Facts

- Link is 16
- Impa is the one who informs Link of the sleeping curse on Zelda. She looks much like the Impa from Seasons/Ages -(All three instruction books have images of her)
- Ganon Can be brought back by Link's blood, by being sprinkled on his ashes
- When Link dies you see a silhouette of Pig Ganon.

### Theory

#### Map

- North Part of Hyrule has a Coast. NW corner has mountains, which possibly could be Death Mountain.

### Pre-Game

- Magical Sword mentioned in the story is the Master Sword.
- Hyrule Castle of LTTP and LoZ level 1 becomes North Palace.

### Post-Game

-North Palace becomes Temple of Time, over time and Link places master sword to rest here at the end of the game.

### Between AoL and OoT (theory)

- New races migrate to Hyrule (Gorons, (new)Zoras etc)
- Maku tree some how spawns a Deku Tree in Hyrule
- Deku Tree spawns Kokiri
- Kakariko village is rebuilt

## Ocarina Of Time

### Story from OoT(N64) Instruction booklet\*\*

> A long Time Ago…

> Before life began , before the world had form, three golden goddesses descended upon the chaotic land of Hyrule. They were Din, the goddess of power, Nayru, the goddess of wisdom, and Farore, the goddess of courage.

> Din, with her strong flaming arms, cultivated the land to create the earth. Nayru poured her wisdom onto the earth to give the spirit of law to the world. Farore’s rich soul created all life forms who would uphold the law.

> These three great goddesses returned to the heavens, leaving behind the golden sacred Triforce. Since then, the Triforce has become the basis for Hyrules providence. Where the Triforce stood became sacred land.

> In the vast, deep forest of Hyrule., the great Deku Tree served as the guardian spirit. The children of the forest, the Kokiri, lived with the great Deku Tree. Each Kokiri had his or her own guardian fairy, except one. His name was Link.

> Early one morning, Link was having a nightmare. It was the same nightmare he had every night. During a storm, Link would find himself standing in front of a mysterious castle. A rider on horseback, carrying a girl would race by. The girl would look at Link if to say something. Then, another rider would appear. This big man clad in black would look down menacingly at Link. Link would then awaken.

> “Link! Hey, Get up, Link! The Great Deku Tree wants to talk to you!”

> As Link opened his eyes, he saw a fairy floating in front of him. This fairy’s name was Navi. Navi was sent to summon Link to the Great Deku Tree.

> “Oh Navi, thou hast returned!” Said the Deku Tree. “Thank you, Link, for coming. Thy slumber these past moons must have been restless, and full of nightmares. A vile climate pervades this world. Verily, ye have felt it. The time has come to test thine courage. I have been cursed. I need you to dispel the curse with your wisdom and courage. Art thou prepared?”

> Link ented the Great Deku Treee and broke the curse.

> “Well done, Link! I knew that ye were worthy of carrying out my wishes. A wicked man of the desert cast this dreadful curse on me. Employing his vile sorceries energies, the evil one is searching for the sacred realm connected to Hyrule. For it is there that one will find the divine relic, the Triforce. That contains the essence of the gods. Whoever holds the Triforce can make their wishes come true,. Thou must never allow the desert man to lay his hands on the sacred Triforce. Thou must never suffer thant man to enter the sacred realm of legend. Link, go now to Hyrule Castle. There ye will surely meet the princess of destiny. Present this stone to the princess. I have foreseen that she will understand everything.”

> The great Deku Tree gave Link the spiritual stone of the forest. Before dying, the Deku Tree’s last words were, “The Future Depends Upon Thee, Link. Thou Art Courageous.”

### Facts

- Impa looks nothing like the one from the Oracle games or the instruction booklet of Adventure of Link. So of course, new Impa. Different time.

### Theory

- Different Link and Zelda from other series - Official Nintendo Power Strat Guide
- Seven Sages possibly relate to Seven Wise men from LTTP

## Majora's Mask

### Story from Majora's Mask instruction booklet

> In the land of Hyrule, there echoes a legend. A legend held clearly by the Royal Family that tells of a boy...

> A boy who after battling evil and saving Hyrule, crept away from the land that had made him a legend....

> Done with battles he once waged across time, he embarked on a journey. A secret and personal journey.....

> A journey in search of a beloved and invaluable friend.....

> A friend with whome he parted ways when he finally fulfilled his heroic destiny and took his place among legends....

### Facts

- Obviously occurs after OoT because of appearances of Skull Kid, Epona, and Similar Races from OoT

### Theory

- None, haven't played far enough into game to come up with any theories

### Between MM and WW

### Fact

- Once, long ago, this land of Hyrule was turned into a world of shadows by Ganon, who sought to obtain the power of the gods for his own evil ends. My power alone could not stop the fiend, and our only choice was to leave the fate of the kingdom in the hands of the gods... When the gods heard our pleas, they chose to seal away not only Ganon, but Hyrule itself... and so, with a torrential downpour of rains from the heavens... Our fair kingdom was soon buried beneath the waves, forgotten at the bottom of the ocean. Yet all was not lost. For the gods knew that to seal away the people with the kingdom would be to grant Ganon's wish for the destruction of the land. So, before the sealing of the kingdom, the gods chose those who would build a new country and commanded them to take refuge on the mountaintops. Those people were your ancestors. Hundreds of years have passed since then... So long as Ganondorf was not revived, Hyrule would remained below never waking from its slumber. -King of Hyrule in WW

## Wind Waker

### Story From WW GCN instruction booklet

> Long ago, there existed a kingdom where a golden power lay hidden. One day, a man of great evil found this power and took it for himself, and with it as his command, he spread darkness across the kingdom. But then.. just as all hope had died, a young boy clothed in green appeared as if from nowhere. Wielding a blade that repelled evil, he sealed the dark one away and gave the land light. This boy who traveled through time to save the land, was known as the Hero of Time. The boy’s tale was passed down through generations until it became legend.

> And then a day came when a fell wind began to blow across the kingdom, and the great evil once gain crept forth from the depths of the earth. The people believed that the Hero of Time would again come to save them. But the hero did not appear….

> What became of that kingdom…? None remain who know. The memory of the kingdom vanished, but its legend survived on the wind’s breath.

> On a certain island, it became customary to garb young boys in green when they come of age. Clothed in green of fields, they aspire to find heroic blades and cast evil down. The elders wish only for the youths to know courage like the hero of legend……

### Facts

- Occurs at least 100 years after OoT

### Theory

### Map

- Specticle Rock (LoZ, LTTP) becomes the Island that Link grows up on

## Four Swords Adventure- Work in Progress

### Sources-

- LoZ Games
- LoZ Game Instruction Booklets
- LoZ Game Guides made by Prima and Nintendo Power
- The Legend of Zelda A Link to the Past Comic book written by Shotaro Ishinomori. Placed in Nintendo Power.
- WW Script from GameFaqs.com

### Comments-

- I haven’t played enough of Majora’s Mask to get any theories on it.
- I haven’t even touched 4 swords adventure. I’ll update as soon as I can
- I’ll see what I can update on when newer games come out.
